README.md, before:

<!-- BEGIN_TF_DOCS -->
# Azure Verified Module for Azure Virtual Networks

This module provides a generic way to create and manage Azure Virtual Networks (vNets) and their associated resources.

To use this module in your Terraform configuration, you'll need to provide values for the required variables. Here's a basic example:

```terraform
module "azure_vnet" {
  source = "./path_to_this_module"

  address_spaces      = ["10.0.0.0/16"]
  vnet_location       = "East US"
  name                = "myVNet"
  resource_group_name = "myResourceGroup"
  // ... other required variables ...
}
```

<!-- markdownlint-disable MD033 -->
## Requirements

The following requirements are needed by this module:

- <a name="requirement_terraform"></a> [terraform](#requirement\_terraform) (>= 1.5.0)

- <a name="requirement_azapi"></a> [azapi](#requirement\_azapi) (~> 1.13)

- <a name="requirement_azurerm"></a> [azurerm](#requirement\_azurerm) (~> 3.71)

- <a name="requirement_random"></a> [random](#requirement\_random) (~> 3.5)

## Providers

The following providers are used by this module:

- <a name="provider_azapi"></a> [azapi](#provider\_azapi) (~> 1.13)

- <a name="provider_azurerm"></a> [azurerm](#provider\_azurerm) (~> 3.71)

- <a name="provider_random"></a> [random](#provider\_random) (~> 3.5)

## Resources

The following resources are used by this module:

- [azapi_resource.subnet](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/azure/azapi/latest/docs/resources/resource) (resource)
- [azapi_resource.vnet](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/azure/azapi/latest/docs/resources/resource) (resource)
- [azapi_resource.vnet_peering](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/azure/azapi/latest/docs/resources/resource) (resource)
- [azapi_update_resource.vnet](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/azure/azapi/latest/docs/resources/update_resource) (resource)
- [azurerm_management_lock.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/management_lock) (resource)
- [azurerm_monitor_diagnostic_setting.example](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/monitor_diagnostic_setting) (resource)
- [azurerm_resource_group_template_deployment.telemetry](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/resource_group_template_deployment) (resource)
- [azurerm_role_assignment.subnet_level](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/role_assignment) (resource)
- [azurerm_role_assignment.vnet_level](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/role_assignment) (resource)
- [random_id.telem](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/random/latest/docs/resources/id) (resource)
- [azurerm_client_config.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/data-sources/client_config) (data source)

<!-- markdownlint-disable MD013 -->
## Required Inputs

The following input variables are required:

### <a name="input_location"></a> [location](#input\_location)

Description: The location/region where the virtual network is created. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

Type: `string`

### <a name="input_resource_group_name"></a> [resource\_group\_name](#input\_resource\_group\_name)

Description: The name of the resource group where the resources will be deployed.

Type: `string`

## Optional Inputs

The following input variables are optional (have default values):

### <a name="input_address_space"></a> [address\_space](#input\_address\_space)

Description: (Optional) The address space that is used the virtual network. You can supply more than one address space.  If null, existing\_vnet must be supplied.

Type: `list(string)`

Default: `null`

### <a name="input_ddos_protection_plan"></a> [ddos\_protection\_plan](#input\_ddos\_protection\_plan)

Description: AzureNetwork DDoS Protection Plan.

Type:

```hcl
object({
    id     = string #  (Required) The ID of DDoS Protection Plan.
    enable = bool   # (Required) Enable/disable DDoS Protection Plan on Virtual Network.
  })
```

Default: `null`

### <a name="input_diagnostic_settings"></a> [diagnostic\_settings](#input\_diagnostic\_settings)

Description:   Map of diagnostic setting configurations

Type:

```hcl
map(object({
    name                                     = optional(string, null)
    log_categories                           = optional(set(string), [])
    log_groups                               = optional(set(string), ["allLogs"])
    metric_categories                        = optional(set(string), ["AllMetrics"])
    log_analytics_destination_type           = optional(string, "Dedicated")
    workspace_resource_id                    = optional(string, null)
    storage_account_resource_id              = optional(string, null)
    event_hub_authorization_rule_resource_id = optional(string, null)
    event_hub_name                           = optional(string, null)
    marketplace_partner_resource_id          = optional(string, null)
  }))
```

Default: `{}`

### <a name="input_dns_servers"></a> [dns\_servers](#input\_dns\_servers)

Description: (Optional) List of IP addresses of DNS servers

Type:

```hcl
object({
    dns_servers = list(string)
  })
```

Default: `null`

### <a name="input_enable_telemetry"></a> [enable\_telemetry](#input\_enable\_telemetry)

Description: This variable controls whether or not telemetry is enabled for the module.  
For more information see https://aka.ms/avm/telemetry.  
If it is set to false, then no telemetry will be collected.

Type: `bool`

Default: `true`

### <a name="input_existing_vnet"></a> [existing\_vnet](#input\_existing\_vnet)

Description: (Optional) This allows a vnet resource id to be supplied, this allows subnets to be created against an existing vnet.

Type:

```hcl
object({
    id = string
  })
```

Default: `null`

### <a name="input_lock"></a> [lock](#input\_lock)

Description:   Controls the Resource Lock configuration for this resource. The following properties can be specified:

  - `kind` - (Required) The type of lock. Possible values are `\"CanNotDelete\"` and `\"ReadOnly\"`.
  - `name` - (Optional) The name of the lock. If not specified, a name will be generated based on the `kind` value. Changing this forces the creation of a new resource.

Type:

```hcl
object({
    kind = string
    name = optional(string, null)
  })
```

Default: `null`

### <a name="input_name"></a> [name](#input\_name)

Description: The name of the virtual network to create.  If null, existing\_vnet must be supplied.

Type: `string`

Default: `null`

### <a name="input_peerings"></a> [peerings](#input\_peerings)

Description: A map of virtual network peering configurations. Each entry specifies a remote virtual network by ID and includes settings for traffic forwarding, gateway transit, and remote gateways usage.

Type:

```hcl
map(object({
    name                               = string
    remote_virtual_network_resource_id = string
    allow_forwarded_traffic            = optional(bool, false)
    allow_gateway_transit              = optional(bool, false)
    allow_virtual_network_access       = optional(bool, true)
    use_remote_gateways                = optional(bool, false)
  }))
```

Default: `{}`

### <a name="input_role_assignments"></a> [role\_assignments](#input\_role\_assignments)

Description:   A map of role assignments to create on the <RESOURCE>. The map key is deliberately arbitrary to avoid issues where map keys maybe unknown at plan time.

  - `role_definition_id_or_name` - The ID or name of the role definition to assign to the principal.
  - `principal_id` - The ID of the principal to assign the role to.
  - `description` - (Optional) The description of the role assignment.
  - `skip_service_principal_aad_check` - (Optional) If set to true, skips the Azure Active Directory check for the service principal in the tenant. Defaults to false.
  - `condition` - (Optional) The condition which will be used to scope the role assignment.
  - `condition_version` - (Optional) The version of the condition syntax. Leave as `null` if you are not using a condition, if you are then valid values are '2.0'.
  - `delegated_managed_identity_resource_id` - (Optional) The delegated Azure Resource Id which contains a Managed Identity. Changing this forces a new resource to be created. This field is only used in cross-tenant scenario.
  - `principal_type` - (Optional) The type of the `principal_id`. Possible values are `User`, `Group` and `ServicePrincipal`. It is necessary to explicitly set this attribute when creating role assignments if the principal creating the assignment is constrained by ABAC rules that filters on the PrincipalType attribute.

  > Note: only set `skip_service_principal_aad_check` to true if you are assigning a role to a service principal.

Type:

```hcl
map(object({
    role_definition_id_or_name             = string
    principal_id                           = string
    description                            = optional(string, null)
    skip_service_principal_aad_check       = optional(bool, false)
    condition                              = optional(string, null)
    condition_version                      = optional(string, null)
    delegated_managed_identity_resource_id = optional(string, null)
  }))
```

Default: `{}`

### <a name="input_subnets"></a> [subnets](#input\_subnets)

Description: A map of subnets to create

 - `address_prefixes` - (Required) The address prefixes to use for the subnet.
 - `enforce_private_link_endpoint_network_policies` -
 - `enforce_private_link_service_network_policies` -
 - `name` - (Required) The name of the subnet. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.
 - `private_endpoint_network_policies` - (Optional) Enable or Disable network policies for the private endpoint on the subnet. Possible values are `Disabled`, `Enabled`, `NetworkSecurityGroupEnabled` and `RouteTableEnabled`. Defaults to `Enabled`.
 - `private_link_service_network_policies_enabled` - (Optional) Enable or Disable network policies for the private link service on the subnet. Setting this to `true` will **Enable** the policy and setting this to `false` will **Disable** the policy. Defaults to `true`.
 - `resource_group_name` - (Required) The name of the resource group in which to create the subnet. This must be the resource group that the virtual network resides in. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.
 - `service_endpoint_policy_ids` - (Optional) The list of IDs of Service Endpoint Policies to associate with the subnet.
 - `service_endpoints` - (Optional) The list of Service endpoints to associate with the subnet. Possible values include: `Microsoft.AzureActiveDirectory`, `Microsoft.AzureCosmosDB`, `Microsoft.ContainerRegistry`, `Microsoft.EventHub`, `Microsoft.KeyVault`, `Microsoft.ServiceBus`, `Microsoft.Sql`, `Microsoft.Storage`, `Microsoft.Storage.Global` and `Microsoft.Web`.
 - `virtual_network_name` - (Required) The name of the virtual network to which to attach the subnet. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

 ---
 `delegation` block supports the following:
 - `name` - (Required) A name for this delegation.

 ---
 `nat_gateway` block supports the following:
 - `id` - (Optional) The ID of the NAT Gateway which should be associated with the Subnet. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

 ---
 `network_security_group` block supports the following:
 - `id` - (Optional) The ID of the Network Security Group which should be associated with the Subnet. Changing this forces a new association to be created.

 ---
 `route_table` block supports the following:
 - `id` - (Optional) The ID of the Route Table which should be associated with the Subnet. Changing this forces a new association to be created.

 ---
 `service_delegation` block supports the following:
 - `actions` - (Optional) A list of Actions which should be delegated. This list is specific to the service to delegate to. Possible values are `Microsoft.Network/networkinterfaces/*`, `Microsoft.Network/publicIPAddresses/join/action`, `Microsoft.Network/publicIPAddresses/read`, `Microsoft.Network/virtualNetworks/read`, `Microsoft.Network/virtualNetworks/subnets/action`, `Microsoft.Network/virtualNetworks/subnets/join/action`, `Microsoft.Network/virtualNetworks/subnets/prepareNetworkPolicies/action`, and `Microsoft.Network/virtualNetworks/subnets/unprepareNetworkPolicies/action`.
 - `name` - (Required) The name of service to delegate to. Possible values are `GitHub.Network/networkSettings`, `Microsoft.ApiManagement/service`, `Microsoft.Apollo/npu`, `Microsoft.App/environments`, `Microsoft.App/testClients`, `Microsoft.AVS/PrivateClouds`, `Microsoft.AzureCosmosDB/clusters`, `Microsoft.BareMetal/AzureHostedService`, `Microsoft.BareMetal/AzureHPC`, `Microsoft.BareMetal/AzurePaymentHSM`, `Microsoft.BareMetal/AzureVMware`, `Microsoft.BareMetal/CrayServers`, `Microsoft.BareMetal/MonitoringServers`, `Microsoft.Batch/batchAccounts`, `Microsoft.CloudTest/hostedpools`, `Microsoft.CloudTest/images`, `Microsoft.CloudTest/pools`, `Microsoft.Codespaces/plans`, `Microsoft.ContainerInstance/containerGroups`, `Microsoft.ContainerService/managedClusters`, `Microsoft.ContainerService/TestClients`, `Microsoft.Databricks/workspaces`, `Microsoft.DBforMySQL/flexibleServers`, `Microsoft.DBforMySQL/servers`, `Microsoft.DBforMySQL/serversv2`, `Microsoft.DBforPostgreSQL/flexibleServers`, `Microsoft.DBforPostgreSQL/serversv2`, `Microsoft.DBforPostgreSQL/singleServers`, `Microsoft.DelegatedNetwork/controller`, `Microsoft.DevCenter/networkConnection`, `Microsoft.DocumentDB/cassandraClusters`, `Microsoft.Fidalgo/networkSettings`, `Microsoft.HardwareSecurityModules/dedicatedHSMs`, `Microsoft.Kusto/clusters`, `Microsoft.LabServices/labplans`, `Microsoft.Logic/integrationServiceEnvironments`, `Microsoft.MachineLearningServices/workspaces`, `Microsoft.Netapp/volumes`, `Microsoft.Network/dnsResolvers`, `Microsoft.Network/managedResolvers`, `Microsoft.Network/fpgaNetworkInterfaces`, `Microsoft.Network/networkWatchers.`, `Microsoft.Network/virtualNetworkGateways`, `Microsoft.Orbital/orbitalGateways`, `Microsoft.PowerPlatform/enterprisePolicies`, `Microsoft.PowerPlatform/vnetaccesslinks`, `Microsoft.ServiceFabricMesh/networks`, `Microsoft.ServiceNetworking/trafficControllers`, `Microsoft.Singularity/accounts/networks`, `Microsoft.Singularity/accounts/npu`, `Microsoft.Sql/managedInstances`, `Microsoft.Sql/managedInstancesOnebox`, `Microsoft.Sql/managedInstancesStage`, `Microsoft.Sql/managedInstancesTest`, `Microsoft.Sql/servers`, `Microsoft.StoragePool/diskPools`, `Microsoft.StreamAnalytics/streamingJobs`, `Microsoft.Synapse/workspaces`, `Microsoft.Web/hostingEnvironments`, `Microsoft.Web/serverFarms`, `NGINX.NGINXPLUS/nginxDeployments`, `PaloAltoNetworks.Cloudngfw/firewalls`, `Qumulo.Storage/fileSystems`, and `Oracle.Database/networkAttachments`.

 ---
 `timeouts` block supports the following:
 - `create` - (Defaults to 30 minutes) Used when creating the Subnet.
 - `delete` - (Defaults to 30 minutes) Used when deleting the Subnet.
 - `read` - (Defaults to 5 minutes) Used when retrieving the Subnet.
 - `update` - (Defaults to 30 minutes) Used when updating the Subnet.

Type:

```hcl
map(object({
    address_prefixes = list(string)
    name             = string
    nat_gateway = optional(object({
      id = string
    }))
    network_security_group = optional(object({
      id = string
    }))
    private_endpoint_network_policies             = optional(string, "Enabled")
    private_link_service_network_policies_enabled = optional(bool, true)
    route_table = optional(object({
      id = string
    }))
    service_endpoint_policy_ids = optional(set(string))
    service_endpoints           = optional(set(string))
    delegation = optional(list(object({
      name = string
      service_delegation = object({
        name = string
      })
    })))
    timeouts = optional(object({
      create = optional(string)
      delete = optional(string)
      read   = optional(string)
      update = optional(string)
    }))
  }))
```

Default: `{}`

### <a name="input_subscription_id"></a> [subscription\_id](#input\_subscription\_id)

Description: Subscription ID passed in by an external process.  If this is not supplied, then the configuration either needs to include the subscription ID, or needs to be supplied properties to create the subscription.

Type: `string`

Default: `null`

### <a name="input_tags"></a> [tags](#input\_tags)

Description: (Optional) Tags of the resource.

Type: `map(string)`

Default: `null`

## Outputs

The following outputs are exported:

### <a name="output_id"></a> [id](#output\_id)

Description: The resource ID of the virtual network.

### <a name="output_resource"></a> [resource](#output\_resource)

Description: The Azure Virtual Network resource

### <a name="output_subnets"></a> [subnets](#output\_subnets)

Description: Information about the subnets created in the module.

## Modules

No modules.

<!-- markdownlint-disable-next-line MD041 -->
## Data Collection

The software may collect information about you and your use of the software and send it to Microsoft. Microsoft may use this information to provide services and improve our products and services. You may turn off the telemetry as described in the repository. There are also some features in the software that may enable you and Microsoft to collect data from users of your applications. If you use these features, you must comply with applicable law, including providing appropriate notices to users of your applications together with a copy of Microsoft’s privacy statement. Our privacy statement is located at <https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=824704>. You can learn more about data collection and use in the help documentation and our privacy statement. Your use of the software operates as your consent to these practices.
<!-- END_TF_DOCS -->

Commit message:

fix: deal with output when vnet is not created

README.md, after:

<!-- BEGIN_TF_DOCS -->
# Azure Verified Module for Azure Virtual Networks

This module provides a generic way to create and manage Azure Virtual Networks (vNets) and their associated resources.

To use this module in your Terraform configuration, you'll need to provide values for the required variables. Here's a basic example:

```terraform
module "azure_vnet" {
  source = "./path_to_this_module"

  address_spaces      = ["10.0.0.0/16"]
  vnet_location       = "East US"
  name                = "myVNet"
  resource_group_name = "myResourceGroup"
  // ... other required variables ...
}
```

<!-- markdownlint-disable MD033 -->
## Requirements

The following requirements are needed by this module:

- <a name="requirement_terraform"></a> [terraform](#requirement\_terraform) (>= 1.5.0)

- <a name="requirement_azapi"></a> [azapi](#requirement\_azapi) (~> 1.13)

- <a name="requirement_azurerm"></a> [azurerm](#requirement\_azurerm) (~> 3.71)

- <a name="requirement_random"></a> [random](#requirement\_random) (~> 3.5)

## Providers

The following providers are used by this module:

- <a name="provider_azapi"></a> [azapi](#provider\_azapi) (~> 1.13)

- <a name="provider_azurerm"></a> [azurerm](#provider\_azurerm) (~> 3.71)

- <a name="provider_random"></a> [random](#provider\_random) (~> 3.5)

## Resources

The following resources are used by this module:

- [azapi_resource.subnet](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/azure/azapi/latest/docs/resources/resource) (resource)
- [azapi_resource.vnet](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/azure/azapi/latest/docs/resources/resource) (resource)
- [azapi_resource.vnet_peering](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/azure/azapi/latest/docs/resources/resource) (resource)
- [azapi_update_resource.vnet](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/azure/azapi/latest/docs/resources/update_resource) (resource)
- [azurerm_management_lock.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/management_lock) (resource)
- [azurerm_monitor_diagnostic_setting.example](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/monitor_diagnostic_setting) (resource)
- [azurerm_resource_group_template_deployment.telemetry](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/resource_group_template_deployment) (resource)
- [azurerm_role_assignment.subnet_level](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/role_assignment) (resource)
- [azurerm_role_assignment.vnet_level](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/role_assignment) (resource)
- [random_id.telem](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/random/latest/docs/resources/id) (resource)
- [azurerm_client_config.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/data-sources/client_config) (data source)

<!-- markdownlint-disable MD013 -->
## Required Inputs

The following input variables are required:

### <a name="input_location"></a> [location](#input\_location)

Description: The location/region where the virtual network is created. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

Type: `string`

### <a name="input_resource_group_name"></a> [resource\_group\_name](#input\_resource\_group\_name)

Description: The name of the resource group where the resources will be deployed.

Type: `string`

## Optional Inputs

The following input variables are optional (have default values):

### <a name="input_address_space"></a> [address\_space](#input\_address\_space)

Description: (Optional) The address space that is used the virtual network. You can supply more than one address space.  If null, existing\_vnet must be supplied.

Type: `list(string)`

Default: `null`

### <a name="input_ddos_protection_plan"></a> [ddos\_protection\_plan](#input\_ddos\_protection\_plan)

Description: AzureNetwork DDoS Protection Plan.

Type:

```hcl
object({
    id     = string #  (Required) The ID of DDoS Protection Plan.
    enable = bool   # (Required) Enable/disable DDoS Protection Plan on Virtual Network.
  })
```

Default: `null`

### <a name="input_diagnostic_settings"></a> [diagnostic\_settings](#input\_diagnostic\_settings)

Description:   Map of diagnostic setting configurations

Type:

```hcl
map(object({
    name                                     = optional(string, null)
    log_categories                           = optional(set(string), [])
    log_groups                               = optional(set(string), ["allLogs"])
    metric_categories                        = optional(set(string), ["AllMetrics"])
    log_analytics_destination_type           = optional(string, "Dedicated")
    workspace_resource_id                    = optional(string, null)
    storage_account_resource_id              = optional(string, null)
    event_hub_authorization_rule_resource_id = optional(string, null)
    event_hub_name                           = optional(string, null)
    marketplace_partner_resource_id          = optional(string, null)
  }))
```

Default: `{}`

### <a name="input_dns_servers"></a> [dns\_servers](#input\_dns\_servers)

Description: (Optional) List of IP addresses of DNS servers

Type:

```hcl
object({
    dns_servers = list(string)
  })
```

Default: `null`

### <a name="input_enable_telemetry"></a> [enable\_telemetry](#input\_enable\_telemetry)

Description: This variable controls whether or not telemetry is enabled for the module.  
For more information see https://aka.ms/avm/telemetry.  
If it is set to false, then no telemetry will be collected.

Type: `bool`

Default: `true`

### <a name="input_existing_vnet"></a> [existing\_vnet](#input\_existing\_vnet)

Description: (Optional) This allows a vnet resource id to be supplied, this allows subnets to be created against an existing vnet.

Type:

```hcl
object({
    id = string
  })
```

Default: `null`

### <a name="input_lock"></a> [lock](#input\_lock)

Description:   Controls the Resource Lock configuration for this resource. The following properties can be specified:

  - `kind` - (Required) The type of lock. Possible values are `\"CanNotDelete\"` and `\"ReadOnly\"`.
  - `name` - (Optional) The name of the lock. If not specified, a name will be generated based on the `kind` value. Changing this forces the creation of a new resource.

Type:

```hcl
object({
    kind = string
    name = optional(string, null)
  })
```

Default: `null`

### <a name="input_name"></a> [name](#input\_name)

Description: The name of the virtual network to create.  If null, existing\_vnet must be supplied.

Type: `string`

Default: `null`

### <a name="input_peerings"></a> [peerings](#input\_peerings)

Description: A map of virtual network peering configurations. Each entry specifies a remote virtual network by ID and includes settings for traffic forwarding, gateway transit, and remote gateways usage.

Type:

```hcl
map(object({
    name                               = string
    remote_virtual_network_resource_id = string
    allow_forwarded_traffic            = optional(bool, false)
    allow_gateway_transit              = optional(bool, false)
    allow_virtual_network_access       = optional(bool, true)
    use_remote_gateways                = optional(bool, false)
  }))
```

Default: `{}`

### <a name="input_role_assignments"></a> [role\_assignments](#input\_role\_assignments)

Description:   A map of role assignments to create on the <RESOURCE>. The map key is deliberately arbitrary to avoid issues where map keys maybe unknown at plan time.

  - `role_definition_id_or_name` - The ID or name of the role definition to assign to the principal.
  - `principal_id` - The ID of the principal to assign the role to.
  - `description` - (Optional) The description of the role assignment.
  - `skip_service_principal_aad_check` - (Optional) If set to true, skips the Azure Active Directory check for the service principal in the tenant. Defaults to false.
  - `condition` - (Optional) The condition which will be used to scope the role assignment.
  - `condition_version` - (Optional) The version of the condition syntax. Leave as `null` if you are not using a condition, if you are then valid values are '2.0'.
  - `delegated_managed_identity_resource_id` - (Optional) The delegated Azure Resource Id which contains a Managed Identity. Changing this forces a new resource to be created. This field is only used in cross-tenant scenario.
  - `principal_type` - (Optional) The type of the `principal_id`. Possible values are `User`, `Group` and `ServicePrincipal`. It is necessary to explicitly set this attribute when creating role assignments if the principal creating the assignment is constrained by ABAC rules that filters on the PrincipalType attribute.

  > Note: only set `skip_service_principal_aad_check` to true if you are assigning a role to a service principal.

Type:

```hcl
map(object({
    role_definition_id_or_name             = string
    principal_id                           = string
    description                            = optional(string, null)
    skip_service_principal_aad_check       = optional(bool, false)
    condition                              = optional(string, null)
    condition_version                      = optional(string, null)
    delegated_managed_identity_resource_id = optional(string, null)
  }))
```

Default: `{}`

### <a name="input_subnets"></a> [subnets](#input\_subnets)

Description: A map of subnets to create

 - `address_prefixes` - (Required) The address prefixes to use for the subnet.
 - `enforce_private_link_endpoint_network_policies` -
 - `enforce_private_link_service_network_policies` -
 - `name` - (Required) The name of the subnet. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.
 - `private_endpoint_network_policies` - (Optional) Enable or Disable network policies for the private endpoint on the subnet. Possible values are `Disabled`, `Enabled`, `NetworkSecurityGroupEnabled` and `RouteTableEnabled`. Defaults to `Enabled`.
 - `private_link_service_network_policies_enabled` - (Optional) Enable or Disable network policies for the private link service on the subnet. Setting this to `true` will **Enable** the policy and setting this to `false` will **Disable** the policy. Defaults to `true`.
 - `resource_group_name` - (Required) The name of the resource group in which to create the subnet. This must be the resource group that the virtual network resides in. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.
 - `service_endpoint_policy_ids` - (Optional) The list of IDs of Service Endpoint Policies to associate with the subnet.
 - `service_endpoints` - (Optional) The list of Service endpoints to associate with the subnet. Possible values include: `Microsoft.AzureActiveDirectory`, `Microsoft.AzureCosmosDB`, `Microsoft.ContainerRegistry`, `Microsoft.EventHub`, `Microsoft.KeyVault`, `Microsoft.ServiceBus`, `Microsoft.Sql`, `Microsoft.Storage`, `Microsoft.Storage.Global` and `Microsoft.Web`.
 - `virtual_network_name` - (Required) The name of the virtual network to which to attach the subnet. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

 ---
 `delegation` block supports the following:
 - `name` - (Required) A name for this delegation.

 ---
 `nat_gateway` block supports the following:
 - `id` - (Optional) The ID of the NAT Gateway which should be associated with the Subnet. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

 ---
 `network_security_group` block supports the following:
 - `id` - (Optional) The ID of the Network Security Group which should be associated with the Subnet. Changing this forces a new association to be created.

 ---
 `route_table` block supports the following:
 - `id` - (Optional) The ID of the Route Table which should be associated with the Subnet. Changing this forces a new association to be created.

 ---
 `service_delegation` block supports the following:
 - `actions` - (Optional) A list of Actions which should be delegated. This list is specific to the service to delegate to. Possible values are `Microsoft.Network/networkinterfaces/*`, `Microsoft.Network/publicIPAddresses/join/action`, `Microsoft.Network/publicIPAddresses/read`, `Microsoft.Network/virtualNetworks/read`, `Microsoft.Network/virtualNetworks/subnets/action`, `Microsoft.Network/virtualNetworks/subnets/join/action`, `Microsoft.Network/virtualNetworks/subnets/prepareNetworkPolicies/action`, and `Microsoft.Network/virtualNetworks/subnets/unprepareNetworkPolicies/action`.
 - `name` - (Required) The name of service to delegate to. Possible values are `GitHub.Network/networkSettings`, `Microsoft.ApiManagement/service`, `Microsoft.Apollo/npu`, `Microsoft.App/environments`, `Microsoft.App/testClients`, `Microsoft.AVS/PrivateClouds`, `Microsoft.AzureCosmosDB/clusters`, `Microsoft.BareMetal/AzureHostedService`, `Microsoft.BareMetal/AzureHPC`, `Microsoft.BareMetal/AzurePaymentHSM`, `Microsoft.BareMetal/AzureVMware`, `Microsoft.BareMetal/CrayServers`, `Microsoft.BareMetal/MonitoringServers`, `Microsoft.Batch/batchAccounts`, `Microsoft.CloudTest/hostedpools`, `Microsoft.CloudTest/images`, `Microsoft.CloudTest/pools`, `Microsoft.Codespaces/plans`, `Microsoft.ContainerInstance/containerGroups`, `Microsoft.ContainerService/managedClusters`, `Microsoft.ContainerService/TestClients`, `Microsoft.Databricks/workspaces`, `Microsoft.DBforMySQL/flexibleServers`, `Microsoft.DBforMySQL/servers`, `Microsoft.DBforMySQL/serversv2`, `Microsoft.DBforPostgreSQL/flexibleServers`, `Microsoft.DBforPostgreSQL/serversv2`, `Microsoft.DBforPostgreSQL/singleServers`, `Microsoft.DelegatedNetwork/controller`, `Microsoft.DevCenter/networkConnection`, `Microsoft.DocumentDB/cassandraClusters`, `Microsoft.Fidalgo/networkSettings`, `Microsoft.HardwareSecurityModules/dedicatedHSMs`, `Microsoft.Kusto/clusters`, `Microsoft.LabServices/labplans`, `Microsoft.Logic/integrationServiceEnvironments`, `Microsoft.MachineLearningServices/workspaces`, `Microsoft.Netapp/volumes`, `Microsoft.Network/dnsResolvers`, `Microsoft.Network/managedResolvers`, `Microsoft.Network/fpgaNetworkInterfaces`, `Microsoft.Network/networkWatchers.`, `Microsoft.Network/virtualNetworkGateways`, `Microsoft.Orbital/orbitalGateways`, `Microsoft.PowerPlatform/enterprisePolicies`, `Microsoft.PowerPlatform/vnetaccesslinks`, `Microsoft.ServiceFabricMesh/networks`, `Microsoft.ServiceNetworking/trafficControllers`, `Microsoft.Singularity/accounts/networks`, `Microsoft.Singularity/accounts/npu`, `Microsoft.Sql/managedInstances`, `Microsoft.Sql/managedInstancesOnebox`, `Microsoft.Sql/managedInstancesStage`, `Microsoft.Sql/managedInstancesTest`, `Microsoft.Sql/servers`, `Microsoft.StoragePool/diskPools`, `Microsoft.StreamAnalytics/streamingJobs`, `Microsoft.Synapse/workspaces`, `Microsoft.Web/hostingEnvironments`, `Microsoft.Web/serverFarms`, `NGINX.NGINXPLUS/nginxDeployments`, `PaloAltoNetworks.Cloudngfw/firewalls`, `Qumulo.Storage/fileSystems`, and `Oracle.Database/networkAttachments`.

 ---
 `timeouts` block supports the following:
 - `create` - (Defaults to 30 minutes) Used when creating the Subnet.
 - `delete` - (Defaults to 30 minutes) Used when deleting the Subnet.
 - `read` - (Defaults to 5 minutes) Used when retrieving the Subnet.
 - `update` - (Defaults to 30 minutes) Used when updating the Subnet.

Type:

```hcl
map(object({
    address_prefixes = list(string)
    name             = string
    nat_gateway = optional(object({
      id = string
    }))
    network_security_group = optional(object({
      id = string
    }))
    private_endpoint_network_policies             = optional(string, "Enabled")
    private_link_service_network_policies_enabled = optional(bool, true)
    route_table = optional(object({
      id = string
    }))
    service_endpoint_policy_ids = optional(set(string))
    service_endpoints           = optional(set(string))
    delegation = optional(list(object({
      name = string
      service_delegation = object({
        name = string
      })
    })))
    timeouts = optional(object({
      create = optional(string)
      delete = optional(string)
      read   = optional(string)
      update = optional(string)
    }))
  }))
```

Default: `{}`

### <a name="input_subscription_id"></a> [subscription\_id](#input\_subscription\_id)

Description: Subscription ID passed in by an external process.  If this is not supplied, then the configuration either needs to include the subscription ID, or needs to be supplied properties to create the subscription.

Type: `string`

Default: `null`

### <a name="input_tags"></a> [tags](#input\_tags)

Description: (Optional) Tags of the resource.

Type: `map(string)`

Default: `null`

## Outputs

The following outputs are exported:

### <a name="output_id"></a> [id](#output\_id)

Description: The resource ID of the virtual network.

### <a name="output_resource"></a> [resource](#output\_resource)

Description: The Azure Virtual Network resource.  This will be null if an existing vnet is supplied.

### <a name="output_subnets"></a> [subnets](#output\_subnets)

Description: Information about the subnets created in the module.

## Modules

No modules.

<!-- markdownlint-disable-next-line MD041 -->
## Data Collection

The software may collect information about you and your use of the software and send it to Microsoft. Microsoft may use this information to provide services and improve our products and services. You may turn off the telemetry as described in the repository. There are also some features in the software that may enable you and Microsoft to collect data from users of your applications. If you use these features, you must comply with applicable law, including providing appropriate notices to users of your applications together with a copy of Microsoft’s privacy statement. Our privacy statement is located at <https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=824704>. You can learn more about data collection and use in the help documentation and our privacy statement. Your use of the software operates as your consent to these practices.
<!-- END_TF_DOCS -->
